Guideline for LLM usage in bug reports (#14899)
ocaml/ocaml: README.adoc

To be effective, bug reports should include a complete program (preferably
small) that exhibits the unexpected behavior, and the configuration you are

> using (machine type, etc), it is also preferable to avoid adding
> LLM-generated contents or explanation to your bug report, see
> link:AI.md#guidelines-relevant-to-ai-assisted-bug-reports[AI.md] for a more
> in-depth explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using (machine type, etc). It is also preferable to avoid adding
LLM-generated content or explanations to your bug report, see
link:AI.md#guidelines-relevant-to-ai-assisted-bug-reports[AI.md] for a more
in-depth explanation.
```

To be effective, bug reports should include a complete program (preferably
small) that exhibits the unexpected behavior, and the configuration you are
using (machine type, etc), it is also preferable to avoid adding
LLM-generated contents or explanation to your bug report, see

> link:AI.md[].

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to perhaps directly link on the section.
